I am a Self-taught Programmer. I have been teaching myself to code since 9th Grade. Started off with Java. Learned and coded a lot of Algorithms until 11th. Then took a break from Coding due to my Studies. Then After Joining my Bachelor's program I breashed off my coding skills and started with python learned a lot about automation software made a few bots, then went on to learn Web Development and I still am teaching myself a lot. I never worked with someone who is equally passionate about coding as me.I have worked on a lot of small projects before and also in a startup where I improved my team work skills. A Member of that Start-up informed me aboout MLH and while browsing through fellowship, the Statement "You'll experience what it's like to work on a real software engineering team first-hand." got stuck in my head as soon as I read it and decided I definetly want to apply. Finding solutions to problems and bugs is something I love doing and being an MLH fellow gives me an oppurtunity to work with a team of passionate coders like me on a project that would be challenging and I would never wanna miss an oppurtunity like this and also as a Student being an MLH fellow can give me lot of exposure how the software enginners work and collaborate on a project ultimately making me a better Programmer.

In an era of  Technology where one can learn any skill from resources available on internet, I strongly belive that anything can be learned through some motivation and a lot of googling. I am currently persuing my Bachelors from an Open University part-time. Being a Self-taught through out my Journey of coding I developed  a level of confidence that makes me believe that I can learn and Master any skill with a bit of guidence, learning and a lot practice. This helps me start learning new things and keeps me motivated to keep going when things get hard because of the feeling that  " I did overcome something similar before and I can overcome it again ". I haved worked in teams before and I always try helping a fellow teammate improve his skills and  